  After this long time, finally I could open a gate, a gate that at the beginning I didn’t want to open, but with the time, better said this short time I wished to get in it. I‘ve begun to explore it, even when it’s still a little dark, no, it’s still cute dark. I’ve been checking it carefully, not only trying to find a switch which lights the room, more than all, trying to know what’s inside it, even though I still haven’t found the end of the room, but I hope nothing bad happen when I reach it.
	It’s been long since I remember nothing like this has happened, or something seemed, but an opportunity has approached, opportunity that now seems to be more secure, and one, which if I care, can be what I whish it to be.
	The heart id fragile, so for time to time, it use to get confuse with things that can happen. If I don’t control it, it can take the wrong way and it isn’t known where the road might end. But when all this deviations turn to end, I return to the place where I began, but those memories of what has occurred and what I had felt since I got missed haven’t disappeared. And continually pretend to distract myself and don’t let me think the situation and what to do to afford them.
	One of those roads has taken me where I’m right now, as all the distracting roads, this one is also unknown. But in contrast to other chances, it doesn’t seem to be so short or so incomplete. I just can say it’s been a while that I don’t feel like this, I might say it’s been a long time I don’t get in this game. A strange game where we’re just simple peons that moves as the game rules determinate it.
	To understand the present is necessary to know the past. But there’s not really a past in my life, just little theories of myself that has made this past. I mean to understand my life I’ve tried to use my mind, a mind that has compared other minds and has tried to comprehend its own behavior. It whishes to believe other minds acts like it, but when it seems that it’s to be reach it, it encounters with those people past and realizes why do others act as they do. 
	But what happen if you find a mind, a mind you don’t know if you want to be with but you don’t really know about it, it’s past, and you don’t know if ask about it, and only hope that little circles of light go appearing with the time. Because you’re afraid that a shadow might come sending that mind away.
	It ends in the beginning, It’s a dark, strange but pretty gate which I don’t know what’s inside, though the road I’ve taken with you I hope has a good ending, Even though from now on It’s a good ending. It’s given me hope.
