On the last days I told you I needed to know your answer if you wanted to be my girlfriend, if you wanted to be mine for a time, if you wanted to make my time yours. But you said you couldn’t do it now, as if you wanted to be with me but there something which doesn’t allow you to do that. It made me feel sad, and in a certain way, made me proof I must and have to stay with this strange kind of live for another long time, or at least, until my destiny is revealed.
I think you won’t even imagine all those illusions I have with you, to you. That although I don’t have all my time for you, in those little periods of loneliness I could’ve had with you, I would’ve showed you all my feelings for you, even though I wouldn’t talk too much with you, each word I could’ve told you, would’ve meant I love you with all my heart. I would’ve liked to beg all my love for you when you didn’t believe my cruelly truest. I would’ve liked to feel you and stay close to you in those unexpected passion moments, when it’s known nothing prohibited for you would have happened, but we would’ve shown each other how much we loved ourselves and we didn’t want to get separated.
But somehow I thought this would end like this, really not somehow, my past, present and future, which have had and is going to be protecting me from every thing which can distract me from my unrevealed future and destiny the ones are only shaped by my dreams and illusions. It’s darker than a shadow, more mysterious than every mystery which have ever existed and better hid than the most precious treasure,. These is why I must try to act as my destiny wants; for understanding it, to understand why was I born, to find a meaning to my past, to those strange moments I’ve passed by, to avoid bad or sad feelings, and above everything, to understand if what I’m doing is the correct thing.
Yes, pretty lady who caught my heart, you were turned into an illusion and a hope for me, you made me think you were the one chosen by them to join me and make me take the best way for my live, for everybody and for doing their most hopped whisper. But they only showed me I can’t loose my hope and I must keep my way on, but as I come doing for a long time. And they also showed me that if I don’t follow their unheard orders I will fall on the wrong way.
So now there’s nothing I can do for us, as you wanted, I can’t wait for you; my road has been defined and I must follow it with no turning.
